Okay, so welcome to this chat GPT-4 and OpenAI API overview. We're going to see main concepts and we're going to make real requests. Okay, so let's see some top uses of GPT-4. You c
an draft an email for marketing. So you can create this draft and then you can populate with variables so you can personalize for your customers and you can create really powerful email templa
tes. Create Python code. You can create a powerful tools with Python and real solutions for big companies, medium companies because GPT-4 according to the paper is very hydrated in programming
 in Python. Create conversational agents. You can create these agents that can chat with your customer and users so you can engage more in your applications and project. You can give your soft
ware voice and speak. You can make a robot to speak intelligent things. You can give your robot context so it can behave the way you want or video game. You can really empower artificial intel
ligence in your video game or in your applications. You can create a tutor for learning science, arts, programming, etc. The possibilities are limitless. Language translation. So your website
works for more customers on your application. You no longer need to hire a lot of translators for your application to support 20 languages. You can support Japanese, Bengali, Spanish, German b
y translating via code. It's amazing. You can create characters and character simulation for video games. So you can create more unpredictable stories. You can create music. We have a video he
re on how to create melodies, soundtracks, and symphonies. Help creating stories by playing creativity by doing cycles. For SEO, help with descriptions, labels, grammar corrections, and style.
 Introduction overview. The actual king of natural language processing for content generation, semantic search, and classification. Imagine this semantic search. Imagine searching for somethin
g semantic about certain genes in 50 papers using chat. Imagine using GPD for amazing. Prompts. Design good prompts or escalate prompt engineering for virtually any task, including content or
code generation, summarization, expansion, conversation, creative writing, style transfer, and more. Prompt design and prompt engineering involve creating effective, concise instructions for A
I language systems like OpenAI's GPT-4 to understand and generate desired responses. Key points include understanding user intent, crafting clear prompts, adding context, and testing and refin
ing the queries. So for example, you can refine the query, do 20 queries until you have a very good query that produces this good performance, ensuring reliable and useful outcomes, and improv
ing the user experience with AI-powered applications. OK, but what are the tokens? Tokens is the way the AI understands text. So for example, hamburger is separated in ham, boar, and ger. Hell
o is one token. Hamburger are three tokens. As you see, ham, boar, and ger. Beer is one token. So normally, one token is approximately 0.75 words in English, but can vary. You can check the to
kenizer tool to check one text how many tokens is. The cost for 1000 tokens is 0.03 USD for GPT-4, and the cost for 1000 tokens in GPT-3.5 Turbo is 0.002. So as you know, GPT-4 is a lot more p
owerful, but a lot more expensive. GPT-4 model is very capable for SAP, language, coding in Python, science as tutor, creativity according to official paper, outperforming competition models,
and also outperforming chat GPT in science, arts, reasoning, creativity, and a lot more. The API introduction. You will need two actual libraries for working with OpenAI APIs. One is Python, t
here is other official library in Node.js. You can also use community libraries for other languages, but I recommend sticking to official libraries that are Python and Node.js. You will instal
l Python OpenAI library with pip install OpenAI running on the terminal, and for Node.js, you will work on the terminal npm install OpenAI. So you will need an API authentication key. You can
get that API key on their platform, openai.com. API keys. API key authentication. Keep in mind that your API key is confidential. Avoid sharing it with anyone or revealing it in any client-sid
e code. Never put this API key on browsers or apps. For production requests, make sure to use your own backend server, which can securely access your API key from an environment variable or a
key management service. All API requests should include your API key in an authorization HTTP header. So authorization, you will need to write this bidder, that is the out 2.0 way of authentic
ation with cryptography, and you will put OpenAI API key, your own API key. Okay, so for example, in Python, you will import OpenAI library. You will write OpenAI.organization, and you can put
 here your org ID, that is optional. And then you put OpenAI.api key, and you will get your environment variable for OpenAI API key, and then you can call this get method to get all the models
 that you have access with your key in your organization. You need to request access for chat GPT-4 model. So contact OpenAI and submit the form. For example, this is a simple example for a ma
th tutor using chat GPT-4 API. Okay, so let's call a variable completion. And we will use OpenAI chat completion.create. We are going to use the model GPT-4, the temperature 0.2, that is very
deterministic. The reader is between zero and two. Two is very random and zero is very deterministic. The max tokens we're using 400, and we're passing these messages, role a system to add in
context and the content as a system is you are a calculus expert and math tutor. You explain complex concepts in simple terms. And for the role user as context of content, the user will say, w
hat is the purpose of calculus and how can we apply it to engineering? So let's see this role object. The role object, three values, system, user, and assistant. So system is for adding system
 context, the user to giving clear explanations of what you want. And the assistance is an example of a response or a real response on previous calls to the API. The content, the content of th
e message. Conversations can be as short as one message or fill many pages. Finally, this tutorial is sponsored by myself. I'm writing this book, chat GPT-4 API guide for developers. Okay, so
you can go to ascendance.dev and sign up and I will send all my books. I'm writing a lot of books of technology and art and science, and I will send for all the subscribers the books for free, or you can get also in Amazon to support this project. So thank you."